Add inline comments section (#14507)
docker/docker.github.io: compose/compose-file/compose-file-v3.md

RACK_ENV=development
```

Compose also recognizes inline comments, like in:
```
MY_VAR = value # this is a comment
```

> To avoid interpreting "#" as an inline comment, please use the quoted notation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid interpreting "#" as an inline comment, use the quotation marks:
```
